Add documentation for all cmake macros (#86)
avengineers/spl-core: docs/usage/macros.rst

spl_add_component
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Add a component to the build and link it with the main project.

Reviewer: This is not right. spl_add_component is intended to be used in a variant's parts.cmake. The target is to add it to the variant. Then it is also part of the link and the build and the reports and the unit tests and so on. And by the way: what is the "main project"? We have a Software Product Line to build the softwares of all variants of our product. I actually liked my original description.

.. code-block:: cmake

>  spl_add_component(<component_path>)

Reviewer: Mmmmh, the description before was clear. The relative path from the project root to the component's directory. At least the relative path must be mentioned.

> This macro is intended for CMake-based projects to add a component to the build, compile it, and link it with the main project. The component is typically a separate subdirectory containing its own CMakeLists.txt.

Reviewer: Same here: there is no main project and building and linking is not the main purpose of this macro. I would like to have the old description back.

> The argurments are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The arguments are:
```

``<component_path>``
 The relative path to the component's directory within the project's source tree.

Example:

> Adding a component to the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a component to the variant in its parts.cmake:
```

.. code-block:: cmake

 spl_add_component(src/led_driver)

> This example adds a component located in the "src/led_driver" directory to the project, including it in the build process and linking it with the main project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example adds a component located in the "src/led_driver" directory to the variant.
```

spl_add_source
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Add a source file to the project with optional compile options.

Reviewer: We have to talk about this.
